by jean who we will win a
analyzed earrings ears Walkom
this to make a pair of loops
like this one you need
small rice hooks that can be
find on the internet
or then in the leisure stores
creative other little hooks like
this or so if you can not find one
of the film like this is the son who
is wired golden we will bend
and then so in his method for with
the movie you just have to pass it
like this cut you to length and
you will spend your teeth term at the
unhooked place so the hook the
pearls or you want there I you
gives a simple model with a
only pair them and then later when
I may have to others sooner
with models a little more complicated
so here and then tongs on
start with the brackets so I'm going
to do just for one ear knowing
that it's the same for both
ticket additions a little an accessory if
we lose them dig and we are
small beads that are the size of
beads but they are in
metal and it allows to be able to
crush to keep up poles
and the others so we take the hook
right at the louvre has a little bit a
first calf of the loop is going then
enter here in the ring hook or
so we do not have a son who is double
and so we pass the earring
then we pass the pearl in they
these and after I will take more
she crushed
that I will spend in my son or in
my hook like these then to the
designate
here is then using my clip him
crush mattern good for easter
this way it crashes
so we get the earring and
after we have just with the help of a clip
cutting cut the water or the ppi which
exceeds and that's the small category
this is goodbye